All right, next problem.
I've got this problem
with duplicate strings.
I've got too many strings.
So what I need you to do is create
a function that takes a string,
returns a new string
with duplicates remove.
So my test case for this is a test string.
And I want you to create a function
that takes in a string and
just removes all the duplicates.
So it should return this is a test string,
or something along those lines.
And this one is a little trickier,
so I'll say ten minutes on this one.
And remember those methods we used
earlier, they'll be really helpful here.
>> So questions, is this only for
words that are the same that
are next to each other?
Or if there was another
is in that sentence,
it should remove two of them and
just leave one?
>> Great question.
Yes, that's a great
question you would ask.
Yes, it doesn't matter
what the position is.
It should only have one unique value.
In fact I would call this unique values or
duplicate strings.
So I could do the same thing with numbers
if I wanted to kind of give it a way too
much, yes?
>> Capitalization matters like
uppercase this and lowercase this,
would they be the same string or
would they be too unique?
>> Good question,
I'm gonna say they're unique but
in terms of solving this
I wouldn't care as much.
But I love that question that means
you're already thinking ahead, yes?
>> Can you always remove the first
occurrence of the duplicate or
do you leave the first occurrence and
remove the things after that?
>> Great question, it doesn't matter.
This one is more of an open ended-
>> This one it doesn't matter I guess.
>> Yeah,
this is more of an open ended question.
And I'll say this,
in general the interviewer probably
is gonna give you test cases.
They'll just say create
a function that takes string and
returns a new string
with duplicates removed.
I'm giving you test cases
because I'm a nice person, but
if you're on a whiteboard, they're
probably not gonna do that for you.